My overarching research interests are child psychology, specifically eating behaviour in children and adolescents and cognitive and behavioural development. I welcome opportunities to supervise students who are keen to explore topics within these research areas.

I am currently an independent research fellow in the [School of Health in Social Science](https://health.ed.ac.uk/) at the University of Edinburgh based at the Centre for [Child and Adolescent Mental Health Research](https://health.ed.ac.uk/research/current-research/camhr). My research focuses on childhood eating behaviour trajectories using Latent Transition Analysis and assessing the behavioural and cognitive factors associated with persistent fussy eating behaviour. 

My previous position was a three-year postdoctoral role on the ESRC-funded grant APPETItE working with Prof. Jacqueline Blissett to investigate appetite and eating behaviours in preschoolers. My research examined feeding and eating in pre-schoolers with avid appetites, to understand children's differential susceptibility to obesogenic environments and inform future intervention efficacy. More specifically, my work on the project used applied methodologies such as Ecological Momentary Assessment, Latent Profile Analysis and feasibility lab-based studies. [Read more about the APPETItE project here](https://www.appetite-research.com/).

My PhD was conducted within the remit of the [EDULIA](https://edulia.eu/) project, funded by the European Union's Horizon 2020 research and innovation program. The research objectives for the EDULIA project were to find new ways to tackle the escalating issue of obesity, through promoting healthier eating in childhood. Using several experimental studies, my PhD work enlightened the field of children's conceptual development by providing novel evidence of the understanding children obtain of food and food routines and the association with children's food rejection.

I was awarded a 6-month Visiting Student Researcher Fellowship from the France-Stanford Center in 2019. I had the pleasure of working with Prof. Ellen Markman on the [BEETROOT: Addressing Barriers to Dietary Variety by Boosting Conceptual Knowledge about Food in Preschoolers project](https://francestanford.stanford.edu/projects/addressing-barriers-dietary-variety-boosting-conceptual-knowledge-about-food-preschoolers). During the research position, I designed, conducted, and analysed an experimental study with 45 children measuring their conceptual knowledge of food.
